>> Woodruff: THE FUNERAL OF A
MURDERED ARAB TEENAGER SPARKS
MORE VIOLENT CLASHES BETWEEN
PALESTINIANS AND ISRAELI POLICE
ON THE ALREADY TENSE STREETS OF
JERUSALEM.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
ALSO AHEAD, HEALTH WORKERS IN
WEST AFRICA STRUGGLE TO CHECK A
DEADLY OUTBREAK OF THE  EBOLA
VIRUS.
>> WE HAVE WIDESPREAD FEAR AND
RAGE BUILDING IN THE POPULATION
AGAINST THE HEALTH CARE SYS
BECAUSE THE SYSTEM IS AFRAID TO
TAKE THE CONTAMINATED PATIENTS
INTO THE FACILITIES.
>> Brown: AND ON THIS FOURTH OF
JULY, RUTH MARCUS AND MICHAEL
GERSON, SUBSTITUTING FOR MARK
SHIELDS AND DAVID BROOKS, ARE
HERE TO ANALYZE THE WEEK'S NEWS.
THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF THE
STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.